My section is about Combinatorial Games and I will be focusing on chess.
We know that students in elementary schools need to learn how to count numbers and counting is a major part in Combinatorics.
so it is necessary to find a tool for helping teaching Combinatorics.
Now chess is a game that has the potential to guide children to explore the world of Combinatorics.
Chess is a board game of two players. 
To win the game, each player has to find moves that can protect their pieces and potentially threaten the opponent. 
Patrick S. McDonald says that chess develops critical and creative thinking, reasoning and memory, as well as problem solving skills. 
Also, "chess is an amusing and rewarding activity that encourages children to play more". 
We known that young children can be easily distracted and get bored of taking math lessons.
Now using chess it can help attract children's attention and helps them focus, which eventually helps improve their learning ability and academic results. 
This can be seen by an experiment conducted by Johan Christiaen, which shows that fifth grade students who took chess lessons have better academic results than those who did not.
Now Learning chess is specifically good for learning math. 
Sometimes it is hard to understand some math concepts because they are too abstract and children might be easily confused by numbers, symbol and arithmetic operations.
but, Sala and Pravettoni say that "by playing chess, math concepts are made less abstract and thus more manageable". 
During the process of calculating and comparing weights of pieces, students practice math and arise their desire for competition, which brings them focus. 
When thinking of next move, students count the possible moves of attack and at the same time they also need to protect themselves. 
This whole process of thinking uses many concepts of Combinatorics. 
and yes, there is complicated math behind this but as children play chess more, they will feel more natural with those abstract and difficult but hidden Combinatorial concepts, which will be beneficial for them later.
Another good thing about chess is that one chess game set can have many variations. 
One of them is called Eight Queens.
This is a classical Combinatorial problem. 
The goal is to put eight queen pieces on the gameboard such that none of them can capture any other pieces using standard rules. 
This can take students lots of time to find all correct solutions. 
In this case, teachers can post this question throughout the term and separate students into groups. 
At the end of the term, the group who finds the most solutions win the game and the teacher can then reward them.
By doing so, it helps students work as a team and learn the fundamentals of using Combinatorics. 
All in all, chess and its variations can be useful tools for teaching and introducing concepts of Combinatorics in the elementary level.
